# Column Take Home Project Submission

Name: Kenny Ikeji

## Information

Time taken: 10 hours

Go(lang) experience: None

## Usage

In terminal, start backend:
```bash
cd backend
go run .
```

In seperate terminal, start frontend:
```bash
cd frontend
npm run start
```
This will take you to the login page, where you login with your Account Number and Routing Number.

### OAuth:

When Attempting to submit a message to the Database, the sender_an and sender_rtn are cross referenced with the currently logged in user's account number and routing number as a step to ensure a user is only submitting messages where they are the sender.

### Message Submission:

To submit a message, you can put your message in the textbox and press the submit button. This will only submit the message if your message is in the structure: seq=A;sender_rtn=B;sender_an=C;receiver_rtn=D;receiver_an=E;amount=F (in any order), where {A-F} all represent strings that only contain integers, and sender_an and sender_rtn are aligned with the current logged in user's information

On the backend, this is handled by the Create_message function and the DB_insert function.

### Message Retrieval:

To retrieve a message, you choose the sequence number of the particular message you want to retrieve, and it will be displayed in table format - using 'ag-grid-react' on the frontend. If you want to retrieve all messages, just choose any negative sequence number and the full table will be displaying all messages in the Database. 'ag-grid-react' automatically handles pagination and sorting so I did not need seperate logic for it.

On the backend, this is handled by the Db_fetch function.

## Gen  AI Use

During the project, I used Gen AI in a couple of key areas:
1. Without experience in Go, I used GenAI to figure out which packages I needed to download in Go in order to set up a project that involved connected to a server, communicating with frontend etc. The first prompt I made was: 'I want to build a react typescript application with a golang backend connected to a SQlite database. Where do I begin?'
2. Most CSS components were generated by some Gen AI prompts. Eg: 'write me CSS code to put my login button in the middle of the screen', 'write me CSS code to put my logout button in the top right corner'
3. In the main.go function, I used Gen AI for the router.Use(...) section in the main() function. I was prompting Gen AI in order to debug some errors I was getting when trying to make POST requests, and it seemed it was a permissions issue that was solved with these lines 109-120
4. In my FetchMessage.tsx function, I used Gen AI (in combination with the docs for AG Grid React), to figure out the script for displaying the messages. I chose to go with AG Grid React on my own volition (I compared a couple of different options for open source components). I only used Gen AI for the final implementation.

## Next steps

If I was to extend the project further, I would add further authorization around retrieving all values in the table. Perhaps some users do not want the messages they send to be publically visible to the other users - like when you make your transactions private in Venmo. When a user inputs a negative index into the fetch function, the table would display only rows in the table where the sender has allowed their message to be publically accessible to the rest of the users.

Also, there can be further authorizations around what defines an account number and routing number. Currently, there are only checks for whether or not both numbers consist of only digits - but there are further steps that need to be taken to determine if the numbers are valid. For a novel example, you could connect to some sort of API (or internal store) which has different bank's routing numbers. If the routing number is not connected to a bank, then it is invalid. You could make similar authorizations around the length and other features of the account number.
